The Lamb, grandson of the Duke of Tankodin
Lamb was reused by His Majesty as the overseer of Linjiang City
But he colluded with government and business
He once ordered that the price of grain in Linjiang City should not be lower than 150.
Wen Yidu Showdown
Wanton repair bet
It's stupid
Your Majesty, please order severe punishment
To prohibit
Your Majesty's participation
After a long time
It will surely cause a huge demon cult
The words of the re-unification yuan mansion
Please punish your majesty severely
The people have no harvest
Difficult to survive a disaster
Please also ask Your Majesty to stop it in time
To avoid irreversible consequences
This tweezers is going to cost me a lot.
The grandson of Duke Ding does not take the ordinary road
Since I promised
It's only been two days now
Why is Zhu Aiqing in such a hurry?
Maybe the grandson of Duke Ding
Will give me a satisfactory answer
His Majesty wants the Liang family to fall
Come and chop down the Liang family to the sky
This lamb is incompetent
How can I be such an adult?
General Wang
You are questioning my vision
My name means nothing
Linjiang City will not be in chaos
I have already arranged for a back-up
Du County Magistrate of Linjiang City said
The grandson of Duke Ding made a big speech
Food prices will fall within seven days
Then I will give him Qin.
You don't have to say a word.
Hahahaha
This lamb is a dragon or a worm at a glance
It seems that my Song family formula is correct.
This lamb is really confused
The valley is greedy
Instead of driving down food prices, he drove them up.
These greedy Liangshan
If you don't push the price to the sky
I am Song Qingqing
Just bump your head into the tofu
Cui Zhuangyuan went to Shimizu
lamb
I forgot that the disasters in Linjiang City are similar.
Obviously this is a show of contempt but
It's contempt.
The lamb is doomed to fail miserably
Cui Zhongyuan
Will become the most eye-catching person in the entire Chang'an City
Destined to soar
green
You have to, you have to.
Don't worry, father
This Cui Zhuangyuan is full of talent
Stunning
People have been in contact with him for a long time
Presumably he should also have feelings for his daughter
If you can win Cui Zhuangyuan
My Song family
It should be popular.
Hahahaha